docs(testing): improve standalone testing documentation (#31313)
driftyco/ionic: docs/angular/testing.md

Tests for standalone Ionic UI components should only be added under the `/standalone` route. This allows for an isolated environment where the lazy loaded `IonicModule` is not initialized. The standalone components use Stencil's custom element bundle instead of the lazy loaded bundle. If `IonicModule` is initialized then the Stencil components will fall back to using the lazy loaded implementation instead of the custom elements bundle implementation.

> When testing Ionic components, use the exported `componentOnReady` helper from `@ionic/core` instead of calling `el.componentOnReady()` directly. The helper works with both lazy-loaded and custom-element builds, making it more likely the component has finished rendering before making assertions against its rendered DOM or running accessibility tests.

Reviewer: Sorry for this. Apparently this suggestion never got posted with the last review 🤦‍♀️ The never ending issues with GH.

Pulled this out into its own section since it applies to both routes, and mapped the helper's two branches onto /lazy and /standalone so it's clear what guarantee each one gives.

```suggestion
### Waiting for Ionic Components

Use the `componentOnReady` helper exported from `@ionic/core` rather than calling `el.componentOnReady()` directly. That method only exists on lazy loaded elements, so a direct call throws under the `/standalone` route. The helper covers both: under `/lazy` it awaits the element's own `componentOnReady()` promise, and under `/standalone` it waits one animation frame, giving the component's inner contents a chance to render.
```

Author: No worries @thetaPC - suggestion applied.
